README.md, before:

# Nova 🚀

**An AI-powered code generation platform that transforms natural language into fully functional Next.js applications**

<div align="center">
  <img src="./public/docs/images/nova-hero.png" alt="Nova Platform Interface" width="800"/>
  
  [![Demo](https://img.shields.io/badge/View-Live%20Demo-blue?style=for-the-badge)](https://your-demo-url.com)
  [![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Repository-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=github)](https://github.com/onkar-03/nova)
</div>

---

Nova empowers developers and non-technical users to build modern web applications through conversational AI. Simply describe what you want to build, and Nova's intelligent agents will generate, execute, and deploy production-ready code in real-time sandboxed environments.

## 🎬 Demo

<div align="center">
  <img src="./public/docs/gifs/nova-demo.gif" alt="Nova in Action" width="800"/>
  <p><em>Watch Nova generate a complete application from natural language</em></p>
</div>

## ✨ Features

### 🤖 AI-Powered Code Generation

Advanced multi-agent system using GPT-4 for intelligent code creation

<img src="./public/docs/images/ai-code-generation.png" alt="AI Code Generation" width="600"/>

### ⚡ Real-time Development

Live sandboxed environments with hot reload and instant preview

<img src="./public/docs/images/real-time-preview.png" alt="Real-time Preview" width="600"/>

### 🔐 Authentication & Security

Secure user management with Clerk authentication

<img src="./public/docs/images/authentication.png" alt="Authentication" width="600"/>

### 📊 Project Management

Organize and track multiple projects with persistent storage

### 🛠️ Tool Integration

Automated dependency management and file system operations

### 📱 Responsive Design

Mobile-first approach with modern, professional interfaces

### 🚀 Production Ready

Built with TypeScript, Prisma ORM, and enterprise-grade architecture

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

### Frontend

- **Next.js 15.3.5** - React framework with App Router
- **React 19** - Latest React with concurrent features
- **TypeScript** - Type-safe development
- **Tailwind CSS 4** - Utility-first CSS framework
- **Shadcn/UI** - Modern, accessible component library
- **Lucide React** - Beautiful icon library

### Backend & Database

- **Prisma ORM** - Type-safe database access
- **PostgreSQL** - Robust relational database
- **tRPC** - End-to-end typesafe APIs
- **TanStack Query** - Data fetching and caching

### AI & Automation

- **Inngest Agent Kit** - Multi-agent orchestration
- **OpenAI GPT-4** - Advanced language model
- **E2B Code Interpreter** - Sandboxed code execution
- **Zod** - Schema validation

### Authentication & Security

- **Clerk** - Complete authentication solution
- **Rate Limiting** - API protection and usage control

## 🚀 Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js 18+ and npm/yarn/pnpm
- PostgreSQL database
- OpenAI API key
- Clerk authentication keys
- E2B API key for code execution

### Installation

1. **Clone the repository**

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/onkar-03/nova.git
   cd nova
   ```

2. **Install dependencies**

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

3. **Environment Setup**

   Create a `.env.local` file in the root directory:

   ```env
   # Database
   DATABASE_URL="postgresql://..."

   # Authentication (Clerk)
   NEXT_PUBLIC_CLERK_PUBLISHABLE_KEY=pk_...
   CLERK_SECRET_KEY=sk_...

   # AI Services
   OPENAI_API_KEY=sk-...
   E2B_API_KEY=...

   # Application
   NEXT_PUBLIC_APP_URL=http://localhost:3000
   ```

4. **Database Setup**

   ```bash
   npx prisma migrate dev
   npx prisma generate
   ```

5. **Start Development Server**

   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

   Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view the application.

## 📁 Project Structure

```
nova/
├── prisma/                 # Database schema and migrations
├── public/                 # Static assets
├── src/
│   ├── app/               # Next.js App Router pages
│   ├── components/        # Reusable UI components
│   ├── hooks/            # Custom React hooks
│   ├── inngest/          # AI agent functions
│   ├── lib/              # Utility functions
│   ├── modules/          # Feature-based modules
│   └── trpc/             # tRPC configuration
├── sandbox-templates/     # E2B sandbox configurations
└── ...config files
```

## 🎯 Key Features Deep Dive

### 🤖 Multi-Agent Architecture

Nova uses a sophisticated multi-agent system where specialized AI agents handle different aspects of development:

```mermaid
graph TD
    A[User Request] --> B[Code Generation Agent]
    A --> C[Terminal Agent]
    A --> D[File System Agent]
    B --> E[React Components & Logic]
    C --> F[Package Installation & Commands]
    D --> G[File Creation & Updates]
    E --> H[Live Preview]
```

- **Code Generation Agent**: Creates React components and application logic
- **Terminal Agent**: Manages package installation and system commands
- **File System Agent**: Handles file creation, updates, and organization

### ⚡ Sandboxed Execution

Every generated application runs in isolated E2B sandboxes, providing secure and reliable code execution:

```mermaid
graph LR
    A[User Code Request] --> B[E2B Sandbox Creation]
    B --> C[Isolated Container]
    C --> D[Package Installation]
    D --> E[Code Execution]
    E --> F[Live Preview]
    F --> G[Hot Reload]
    G --> E

    subgraph "Sandbox Environment"
        C
        D
        E
    end

    subgraph "Security Layer"
        H[File System Isolation]
        I[Network Isolation]
        J[Resource Limits]
    end
```

**Core Capabilities:**

- **Safe code execution environment** - Isolated from your local system
- **Real-time preview capabilities** - See changes instantly
- **Automatic dependency management** - No manual package installation
- **Hot reload functionality** - Changes reflect immediately

**Benefits:**

- 🔒 **Security**: Code runs in isolated containers
- 🚀 **Speed**: Pre-configured environments ready instantly
- 🔄 **Reliability**: Consistent execution across all projects
- 🛠️ **Automation**: No manual environment setup required

### 📊 Smart Project Management

Nova provides comprehensive project organization and tracking with intelligent workflow management:

```mermaid
graph TB
    A[New Project] --> B[Project Creation]
    B --> C[Conversation Thread]
    C --> D[AI Message Processing]
    D --> E[Code Generation]
    E --> F[Fragment Creation]
    F --> G[Project Update]
    G --> H[Usage Tracking]

    subgraph "Project Storage"
        I[Project Metadata]
        J[Message History]
        K[Code Fragments]
        L[Usage Analytics]
    end

    B --> I
    C --> J
    F --> K
    H --> L

    subgraph "User Dashboard"
        M[Project List]
        N[Search & Filter]
        O[Analytics View]
    end

    I --> M
    L --> O
```

**Project Features:**

- **Project Persistence**: All projects are saved with full code history
- **Message Threading**: Conversational development with context awareness
- **Fragment System**: Modular code generation and updates
- **Usage Tracking**: Monitor AI resource consumption

**Organization:**

- 📁 **Project Dashboard**: Clean interface for managing multiple projects
- 💬 **Conversation History**: Full chat logs with AI for each project
- 🔄 **Version Control**: Track changes and iterations
- 📈 **Analytics**: Usage statistics and performance metrics

## 🧪 Development Scripts

```bash
npm run dev         # Start development server with Turbopack
npm run build       # Build for production
npm run start       # Start production server
npm run lint        # Run ESLint
npm run postinstall # Generate Prisma client
```

## 🚀 Deployment

### Vercel (Recommended)

1. Connect your GitHub repository to Vercel
2. Configure environment variables in Vercel dashboard
3. Deploy automatically on every push to main branch

### Docker

```dockerfile
# Production deployment with multi-stage build
FROM node:18-alpine AS deps
# ... (Docker configuration available in project)
```

## 🙏 Acknowledgments

- [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) - The React framework for production
- [Shadcn/UI](https://ui.shadcn.com/) - For the beautiful component library
- [Inngest](https://www.inngest.com/) - For reliable workflow orchestration
- [E2B](https://e2b.dev/) - For secure code execution environments
- [Clerk](https://clerk.com/) - For seamless authentication

---

**Built with ❤️ by [Onkar](https://github.com/onkar-03)**

Commit message:

Updated Deployment Platforms in Readme

README.md, after:

# Nova 🚀

**An AI-powered code generation platform that transforms natural language into fully functional Next.js applications**

<div align="center">
  <img src="./public/docs/images/nova-hero.png" alt="Nova Platform Interface" width="800"/>
  
  [![Demo](https://img.shields.io/badge/View-Live%20Demo-blue?style=for-the-badge)](https://your-demo-url.com)
  [![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Repository-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=github)](https://github.com/onkar-03/nova)
</div>

---

Nova empowers developers and non-technical users to build modern web applications through conversational AI. Simply describe what you want to build, and Nova's intelligent agents will generate, execute, and deploy production-ready code in real-time sandboxed environments.

## 🎬 Demo

<div align="center">
  <img src="./public/docs/gifs/nova-demo.gif" alt="Nova in Action" width="800"/>
  <p><em>Watch Nova generate a complete application from natural language</em></p>
</div>

## ✨ Features

### 🤖 AI-Powered Code Generation

Advanced multi-agent system using GPT-4 for intelligent code creation

<img src="./public/docs/images/ai-code-generation.png" alt="AI Code Generation" width="600"/>

### ⚡ Real-time Development

Live sandboxed environments with hot reload and instant preview

<img src="./public/docs/images/real-time-preview.png" alt="Real-time Preview" width="600"/>

### 🔐 Authentication & Security

Secure user management with Clerk authentication

<img src="./public/docs/images/authentication.png" alt="Authentication" width="600"/>

### 📊 Project Management

Organize and track multiple projects with persistent storage

### 🛠️ Tool Integration

Automated dependency management and file system operations

### 📱 Responsive Design

Mobile-first approach with modern, professional interfaces

### 🚀 Production Ready

Built with TypeScript, Prisma ORM, and enterprise-grade architecture

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

### Frontend

- **Next.js 15.3.5** - React framework with App Router
- **React 19** - Latest React with concurrent features
- **TypeScript** - Type-safe development
- **Tailwind CSS 4** - Utility-first CSS framework
- **Shadcn/UI** - Modern, accessible component library
- **Lucide React** - Beautiful icon library

### Backend & Database

- **Prisma ORM** - Type-safe database access
- **PostgreSQL** - Robust relational database
- **tRPC** - End-to-end typesafe APIs
- **TanStack Query** - Data fetching and caching

### AI & Automation

- **Inngest Agent Kit** - Multi-agent orchestration
- **OpenAI GPT-4** - Advanced language model
- **E2B Code Interpreter** - Sandboxed code execution
- **Zod** - Schema validation

### Authentication & Security

- **Clerk** - Complete authentication solution
- **Rate Limiting** - API protection and usage control

## 🚀 Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js 18+ and npm/yarn/pnpm
- PostgreSQL database
- OpenAI API key
- Clerk authentication keys
- E2B API key for code execution

### Installation

1. **Clone the repository**

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/onkar-03/nova.git
   cd nova
   ```

2. **Install dependencies**

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

3. **Environment Setup**

   Create a `.env.local` file in the root directory:

   ```env
   # Database
   DATABASE_URL="postgresql://..."

   # Authentication (Clerk)
   NEXT_PUBLIC_CLERK_PUBLISHABLE_KEY=pk_...
   CLERK_SECRET_KEY=sk_...

   # AI Services
   OPENAI_API_KEY=sk-...
   E2B_API_KEY=...

   # Application
   NEXT_PUBLIC_APP_URL=http://localhost:3000
   ```

4. **Database Setup**

   ```bash
   npx prisma migrate dev
   npx prisma generate
   ```

5. **Start Development Server**

   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

   Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view the application.

## 📁 Project Structure

```
nova/
├── prisma/                 # Database schema and migrations
├── public/                 # Static assets
├── src/
│   ├── app/               # Next.js App Router pages
│   ├── components/        # Reusable UI components
│   ├── hooks/            # Custom React hooks
│   ├── inngest/          # AI agent functions
│   ├── lib/              # Utility functions
│   ├── modules/          # Feature-based modules
│   └── trpc/             # tRPC configuration
├── sandbox-templates/     # E2B sandbox configurations
└── ...config files
```

## 🎯 Key Features Deep Dive

### 🤖 Multi-Agent Architecture

Nova uses a sophisticated multi-agent system where specialized AI agents handle different aspects of development:

```mermaid
graph TD
    A[User Request] --> B[Code Generation Agent]
    A --> C[Terminal Agent]
    A --> D[File System Agent]
    B --> E[React Components & Logic]
    C --> F[Package Installation & Commands]
    D --> G[File Creation & Updates]
    E --> H[Live Preview]
```

- **Code Generation Agent**: Creates React components and application logic
- **Terminal Agent**: Manages package installation and system commands
- **File System Agent**: Handles file creation, updates, and organization

### ⚡ Sandboxed Execution

Every generated application runs in isolated E2B sandboxes, providing secure and reliable code execution:

```mermaid
graph LR
    A[User Code Request] --> B[E2B Sandbox Creation]
    B --> C[Isolated Container]
    C --> D[Package Installation]
    D --> E[Code Execution]
    E --> F[Live Preview]
    F --> G[Hot Reload]
    G --> E

    subgraph "Sandbox Environment"
        C
        D
        E
    end

    subgraph "Security Layer"
        H[File System Isolation]
        I[Network Isolation]
        J[Resource Limits]
    end
```

**Core Capabilities:**

- **Safe code execution environment** - Isolated from your local system
- **Real-time preview capabilities** - See changes instantly
- **Automatic dependency management** - No manual package installation
- **Hot reload functionality** - Changes reflect immediately

**Benefits:**

- 🔒 **Security**: Code runs in isolated containers
- 🚀 **Speed**: Pre-configured environments ready instantly
- 🔄 **Reliability**: Consistent execution across all projects
- 🛠️ **Automation**: No manual environment setup required

### 📊 Smart Project Management

Nova provides comprehensive project organization and tracking with intelligent workflow management:

```mermaid
graph TB
    A[New Project] --> B[Project Creation]
    B --> C[Conversation Thread]
    C --> D[AI Message Processing]
    D --> E[Code Generation]
    E --> F[Fragment Creation]
    F --> G[Project Update]
    G --> H[Usage Tracking]

    subgraph "Project Storage"
        I[Project Metadata]
        J[Message History]
        K[Code Fragments]
        L[Usage Analytics]
    end

    B --> I
    C --> J
    F --> K
    H --> L

    subgraph "User Dashboard"
        M[Project List]
        N[Search & Filter]
        O[Analytics View]
    end

    I --> M
    L --> O
```

**Project Features:**

- **Project Persistence**: All projects are saved with full code history
- **Message Threading**: Conversational development with context awareness
- **Fragment System**: Modular code generation and updates
- **Usage Tracking**: Monitor AI resource consumption

**Organization:**

- 📁 **Project Dashboard**: Clean interface for managing multiple projects
- 💬 **Conversation History**: Full chat logs with AI for each project
- 🔄 **Version Control**: Track changes and iterations
- 📈 **Analytics**: Usage statistics and performance metrics

## 🧪 Development Scripts

```bash
npm run dev         # Start development server with Turbopack
npm run build       # Build for production
npm run start       # Start production server
npm run lint        # Run ESLint
npm run postinstall # Generate Prisma client
```

## 🚀 Deployment

### Vercel (Recommended)

1. Connect your GitHub repository to Vercel
2. Configure environment variables in Vercel dashboard
3. Deploy automatically on every push to main branch

### Alternative Platforms

- **Netlify**: Connect GitHub repo and deploy
- **Railway**: Great for full-stack apps with database
- **Render**: Simple deployment with automatic builds

## 🤝 Contributing

- [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) - The React framework for production
- [Shadcn/UI](https://ui.shadcn.com/) - For the beautiful component library
- [Inngest](https://www.inngest.com/) - For reliable workflow orchestration
- [E2B](https://e2b.dev/) - For secure code execution environments
- [Clerk](https://clerk.com/) - For seamless authentication

---

**Built with ❤️ by [Onkar](https://github.com/onkar-03)**
